coach go ahead and introduce yourself
all your personalized name in the pound
your coach thence coaster wrong yeah
miles Wolverine 125 goon squad All Right
girls you know I'm to the date
impressive season coming in here 8 and 0
ha you know just really just having a
great week or a great girl football took
a loss here the PPO Bengals but we
understand you was down a couple players
one of your main players out another
player that make weight but you know
it's all about bouncing back and what
you guys will be able to do to get to
the playoffs why do you get your team to
bounce back from this launch against the
Bangladesh you line up the next next
thing that come up against us and we
step on their necks the way we should've
stepped on the fingers minutes now you
got another coach that we've been
talking about you know back before coach
Eric at west pines unfortunately you
guys aren't on each other regular season
schedule but it's a possibility that
there were mighty Wolverines the matchup
against the Wildcats in the playoffs you
know coach had a couple words to say
about how it's all about tuesday and
what's your response to my response to
coach eric i heard a whole lot about
your cockiness my pocket is going mad
chill cocky rocky tell me about your
number 22 I keep telling y'all not
impressed until you do it everybody
standing you'll get on no pedals doing
my book he got the lineup against my
loving just like everybody else I got
both legs doing the same thing he's them
now coach said if y'all don't line up in
the madness in the season all you know
is he's not in the playoffs there's
nothing he wants
team up anywhere in this place how you
feel about that gold man you can come I
play him in the parking lot wait turning
I get till we see them Oh hands down
with them in the middle of pies member
role will go out the west pine is no
matter all the guys do tell me when
where and what time all right coaching
y'all give us that time and location
generation extra be there to coach all
right we want to wish you best luck for
the rest of the season cozy and we want
to see those two teen would be great if
we get y'all in Super Bowl matchup you
got a co-chair trust me where we come